jm/midi/event/NoteOn.java
 jm.midi.event.NoteOn
jm/constants/Chords.java
 jm.constants.Chords
jm/gui/cpn/AppletImages.java
 jm.gui.cpn.AppletImages
jm/gui/cpn/PianoStave.java
 jm.gui.cpn.PianoStave
jm/constants/Progressions.java
 jm.constants.Progressions
jm/gui/cpn/JGrandStave.java
 jm.gui.cpn.JGrandStave
 jm.gui.cpn.JGrandStave$1
 jm.gui.cpn.JGrandStave$2
 jm.gui.cpn.JGrandStave$RedFilter
jm/midi/event/ATouch.java
 jm.midi.event.ATouch
player/RealtimePlayer.java
 player.RealtimePlayer
util/SimpleAudioRecorder.java
 util.SimpleAudioRecorder
jm/music/data/CPhrase.java
 jm.music.data.CPhrase
player/Player.java
 player.Player
core/data/Melisma.java
 core.data.Melisma
jm/midi/event/CPres.java
 jm.midi.event.CPres
gui/LoadingWindow.java
 gui.LoadingWindow
jm/gui/cpn/KeyChangeListener.java
 jm.gui.cpn.KeyChangeListener
jm/constants/RhythmValues.java
 jm.constants.RhythmValues
jm/midi/MidiParser.java
 jm.midi.MidiParser
 jm.midi.MidiParser$1CompareKey
 jm.midi.MidiParser$1EventPair
jm/gui/cpn/CpnZoomScreen.java
 jm.gui.cpn.CpnZoomScreen
core/data/Settings.java
 core.data.Settings
core/generators/dodecaphony/DodecaphonySeriesGenerator.java
 core.generators.dodecaphony.DodecaphonySeriesGenerator
jm/midi/event/Event.java
 jm.midi.event.Event
jm/music/data/Rest.java
 jm.music.data.Rest
jm/constants/Instruments.java
 jm.constants.Instruments
jm/gui/cpn/TrebleStave.java
 jm.gui.cpn.TrebleStave
 jm.gui.cpn.TrebleStave$Accidental
 jm.gui.cpn.TrebleStave$Style
 jm.gui.cpn.TrebleStave$Style$JMusic
 jm.gui.cpn.TrebleStave$Style$Trad
core/data/structure/MotiveStructure.java
 core.data.structure.MotiveStructure
jm/constants/Tunings.java
 jm.constants.Tunings
core/generators/dodecaphony/Dodecaphonizer.java
 core.generators.dodecaphony.Dodecaphonizer
jm/constants/Pitches.java
 jm.constants.Pitches
main/Main.java
 main.Main
jm/music/data/Anchoring.java
 jm.music.data.Anchoring
core/data/PNote.java
 core.data.PNote
jm/gui/cpn/ParmScreen.java
 jm.gui.cpn.ParmScreen
jm/midi/event/SysEx.java
 jm.midi.event.SysEx
core/data/patterns/SNPattern.java
 core.data.patterns.SNPattern
jm/midi/MidiCommunication.java
 jm.midi.MidiCommunication
 jm.midi.MidiCommunication$1
 jm.midi.MidiCommunication$2
core/data/structure/PhraseStructure.java
 core.data.structure.PhraseStructure
core/generators/MotivesGenerator.java
 core.generators.MotivesGenerator
jm/constants/Articulations.java
 jm.constants.Articulations
jm/constants/Panning.java
 jm.constants.Panning
core/data/tonality/MinorTonality.java
 core.data.tonality.MinorTonality
core/generators/BaseVoiceGenerator.java
 core.generators.BaseVoiceGenerator
jm/music/tools/QuantisationException.java
 jm.music.tools.QuantisationException
gui/GBC.java
 gui.GBC
jm/music/tools/Mod.java
 jm.music.tools.Mod
player/SheetOutputPlayer.java
 player.SheetOutputPlayer
util/Tools.java
 util.Tools
jm/gui/cpn/Notate.java
 jm.gui.cpn.Notate
 jm.gui.cpn.Notate$PlayRepeater
jm/gui/cpn/NoteEditor.java
 jm.gui.cpn.NoteEditor
jm/gui/cpn/StaveActionHandler.java
 jm.gui.cpn.StaveActionHandler
core/data/chords/Chord.java
 core.data.chords.Chord
jm/music/tools/NoteListException.java
 jm.music.tools.NoteListException
gui/InstrumentPanel.java
 gui.InstrumentPanel
 gui.InstrumentPanel$1
 gui.InstrumentPanel$2
 gui.InstrumentPanel$3
 gui.InstrumentPanel$4
 gui.InstrumentPanel$5
 gui.InstrumentPanel$6
 gui.InstrumentPanel$7
jm/music/data/Part.java
 jm.music.data.Part
jm/constants/Alignments.java
 jm.constants.Alignments
jm/constants/Volumes.java
 jm.constants.Volumes
jm/gui/cpn/ToolkitImages.java
 jm.gui.cpn.ToolkitImages
jm/midi/event/PChange.java
 jm.midi.event.PChange
jm/music/data/Phrase.java
 jm.music.data.Phrase
 jm.music.data.Phrase$Position
core/data/tonality/Tonality.java
 core.data.tonality.Tonality
jm/midi/MidiInputListener.java
 jm.midi.MidiInputListener
jm/constants/Durations.java
 jm.constants.Durations
jm/midi/event/PWheel.java
 jm.midi.event.PWheel
jm/util/Write.java
 jm.util.Write
jm/gui/cpn/Stave.java
 jm.gui.cpn.Stave
core/generators/multigen/AccompanimentGenerator.java
 core.generators.multigen.AccompanimentGenerator
jm/music/tools/PhraseAnalysis.java
 jm.music.tools.PhraseAnalysis
core/generators/Harmonizer.java
 core.generators.Harmonizer
jm/midi/RTMidiIn.java
 jm.midi.RTMidiIn
jm/util/Read.java
 jm.util.Read
 jm.util.Read$1
 jm.util.Read$2
 jm.util.Read$JmMidiProcessor
jm/music/data/Tempo.java
 jm.music.data.Tempo
jm/midi/event/EndTrack.java
 jm.midi.event.EndTrack
jm/gui/cpn/BassStave.java
 jm.gui.cpn.BassStave
jm/gui/cpn/JStaveActionHandler.java
 jm.gui.cpn.JStaveActionHandler
core/MusicGeneratorManager.java
 core.MusicGeneratorManager
jm/music/data/Alignment.java
 jm.music.data.Alignment
 jm.music.data.Alignment$1
 jm.music.data.Alignment$2
 jm.music.data.Alignment$3
 jm.music.data.Alignment$4
 jm.music.data.Alignment$5
 jm.music.data.Alignment$6
 jm.music.data.Alignment$7
 jm.music.data.Alignment$8
 jm.music.data.Alignment$9
jm/music/tools/ChordAnalysis.java
 jm.music.tools.ChordAnalysis
 jm.music.tools.ChordAnalysis$Possible
jm/midi/event/CChange.java
 jm.midi.event.CChange
jm/constants/Waveforms.java
 jm.constants.Waveforms
gui/HeaderPanel.java
 gui.HeaderPanel
 gui.HeaderPanel$1
 gui.HeaderPanel$10
 gui.HeaderPanel$2
 gui.HeaderPanel$3
 gui.HeaderPanel$4
 gui.HeaderPanel$5
 gui.HeaderPanel$6
 gui.HeaderPanel$7
 gui.HeaderPanel$8
 gui.HeaderPanel$9
core/data/patterns/Pattern.java
 core.data.patterns.Pattern
jm/midi/event/VoiceEvt.java
 jm.midi.event.VoiceEvt
util/FileEncoder.java
 util.FileEncoder
core/data/patterns/CPattern.java
 core.data.patterns.CPattern
jm/midi/SMF.java
 jm.midi.SMF
core/data/chords/MinorChord.java
 core.data.chords.MinorChord
jm/gui/cpn/JmMidiPlayer.java
 jm.gui.cpn.JmMidiPlayer
core/data/chords/MajorChord.java
 core.data.chords.MajorChord
core/RandomManager.java
 core.RandomManager
jm/midi/event/NoteOff.java
 jm.midi.event.NoteOff
core/data/tonality/MajorTonality.java
 core.data.tonality.MajorTonality
gui/MainPanel.java
 gui.MainPanel
jm/constants/Frequencies.java
 jm.constants.Frequencies
jm/constants/Dynamics.java
 jm.constants.Dynamics
jm/midi/MidiSynth.java
 jm.midi.MidiSynth
gui/GUI.java
 gui.GUI
util/TStamps.java
 util.TStamps
core/record/RecordEvent.java
 core.record.RecordEvent
jm/gui/cpn/LetterNotesEditor.java
 jm.gui.cpn.LetterNotesEditor
jm/constants/Noises.java
 jm.constants.Noises
jm/music/data/Score.java
 jm.music.data.Score
jm/gui/cpn/GrandStave.java
 jm.gui.cpn.GrandStave
core/data/chords/DimChord.java
 core.data.chords.DimChord
jm/music/data/Note.java
 jm.music.data.Note
jm/midi/event/SysComEvt.java
 jm.midi.event.SysComEvt
jm/constants/DrumMap.java
 jm.constants.DrumMap
jm/midi/event/KeySig.java
 jm.midi.event.KeySig
core/data/chords/AugChord.java
 core.data.chords.AugChord
core/generators/multigen/SecondVoiceGenerator.java
 core.generators.multigen.SecondVoiceGenerator
jm/midi/Track.java
 jm.midi.Track
jm/JMC.java
 jm.JMC
jm/constants/ProgramChanges.java
 jm.constants.ProgramChanges
core/data/PConstants.java
 core.data.PConstants
jm/util/ConversionException.java
 jm.util.ConversionException
core/data/structure/MotiveStructureStorage.java
 core.data.structure.MotiveStructureStorage
jm/gui/cpn/Images.java
 jm.gui.cpn.Images
core/data/DataStorage.java
 core.data.DataStorage
core/generators/multigen/MultiVoicesGenerator.java
 core.generators.multigen.MultiVoicesGenerator
jm/midi/MidiUtil.java
 jm.midi.MidiUtil
jm/midi/event/TimeSig.java
 jm.midi.event.TimeSig
core/data/Voice.java
 core.data.Voice
jm/midi/event/TempoEvent.java
 jm.midi.event.TempoEvent
jm/gui/cpn/PhraseViewer.java
 jm.gui.cpn.PhraseViewer
gui/RecordFrame.java
 gui.RecordFrame
 gui.RecordFrame$1
 gui.RecordFrame$2
 gui.RecordFrame$3
 gui.RecordFrame$4
core/generators/IMusicGenerator.java
 core.generators.IMusicGenerator
player/FileOutputPlayer.java
 player.FileOutputPlayer
jm/util/XMLParser.java
 jm.util.Attribute
 jm.util.Element
 jm.util.StandardXMLStyle
 jm.util.XMLParser
 jm.util.XMLStyle
 jm.util.XMLStyles
core/data/Motive.java
 core.data.Motive
core/record/RecordsManager.java
 core.record.RecordsManager
gui/MainFrame.java
 gui.MainFrame
 gui.MainFrame$1
 gui.MainFrame$2
core/data/PInstrument.java
 core.data.PInstrument
jm/constants/Scales.java
 jm.constants.Scales
util/Log.java
 util.Log
jm/gui/cpn/StavePhraseProperties.java
 jm.gui.cpn.StavePhraseProperties
